Add documentation (#2)
wso2-extensions/identity-outbound-auth-hypr: docs/config.md

# Configuring the HYPR Authenticator
To use the HYPR authenticator with WSO2 Identity Server, first you need to configure  the authenticator with

> WSO2 Identity Server. The following steps provide instructions on how to configure the HYPR authenticator with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WSO2 Identity Server. See the instructions given below on how to configure the HYPR authenticator with
```

WSO2 Identity Server using a sample app.

> In order to test the approach, First an end user account should be registered in the Application created via the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test the approach, first an end-user account should be registered in the application created via the 
```

> In order to test the approach, First an end user account should be registered in the Application created via the 

Reviewer: Shouldn't this section be part of the `Requirements` section?
We usually call this `Prerequisites`

Author: Resolves via [3ef7a2c](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-outbound-auth-hypr/pull/2/commits/3ef7a2caa1aafeb0302cc6662760cbe471bd299d).

HYPR Control Center and the end user should have the HYPR mobile application installed in the smartphone, as well as 
the smartphone registered with the end user account.

After deploying the HYPR Authenticator to WSO2 IS, the Authenticator can be configured from the
WSO2 IS Console.

## Requirements
To use the connector, you'll need:

- A configured HYPR environment.
- A HYPR user account and mobile app to use for testing.

Note: Get the support from HYPR to configure a HYPR Application via the HYPR Control Center.

> ## Setup and Installing HYPR Connector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setting up and installing the HYPR connector
```

> **Step 1:** Extract the project artifacts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 1:** Extracting the project artifacts
```

> - Clone the `identity-outbound-auth-hypr` repository.

Reviewer: numbering if this is a procedure

Author: Resolves via [3ef7a2c](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-outbound-auth-hypr/pull/2/commits/3ef7a2caa1aafeb0302cc6662760cbe471bd299d).

- Build the project by running ```mvn clean install``` in the root directory.

Note : The latest project artifacts can also be downloaded from the Connector Store.

**Step 2:** Deploying the HYPR Authenticator

> - Navigate to `identity-outbound-auth-hypr/components` → `org.wso2.carbon.identity.application.authenticator.hypr` 

Reviewer: numbering for procedures

Author: Resolves via [3ef7a2c](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-outbound-auth-hypr/pull/2/commits/3ef7a2caa1aafeb0302cc6662760cbe471bd299d).

→ `target`.
- Copy the `org.wso2.carbon.identity.application.authenticator.hypr-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT.jar` file.
- Navigate to `<IS_HOME>/repository/components/dropins`.
- Paste the `.jar` file into the dropins directory.
- Alternatively it's possible to drag and drop the `.jar` file to the dropins directory.
- Next navigate to `identity-outbound-auth-hypr/components` → 
`org.wso2.carbon.identity.application.authenticator.hypr.common` → `target`.
- Copy the `org.wso2.carbon.identity.application.authenticator.hypr.common-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT.jar` file.
- Navigate to `<IS_HOME>/repository/components/lib` directory and paste the `.jar` file.

**Step 3:** Deploying the HYPR REST API

> - Navigate to `identity-outbound-auth-hypr/components` → `org.wso2.carbon.identity.application.authenticator.hypr.rest` 

Reviewer: Numbering for procedures

Author: Resolves via [3ef7a2c](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-outbound-auth-hypr/pull/2/commits/3ef7a2caa1aafeb0302cc6662760cbe471bd299d).

- →`org.wso2.carbon.identity.application.authenticator.hypr.rest.dispatcher`→ `target`.
- Copy the `api#hypr.war` file.
- Navigate to `<IS_HOME>/repository/deployment/server/webapps`.
- Paste the `.war` file into the webapps directory.
- Next navigate to `<IS_HOME>/repository/conf`.
- Open `deployment.toml` file.
- Add the following lines of codes.
```toml
[[resource.access_control]]
context = "(.*)/api/hypr/v1/authentication/status/(.*)"
secure = "false"
http_method = "GET"

[tenant_context]
enable_tenant_qualified_urls = "true"
enable_tenanted_sessions = "true"
rewrite.custom_webapps=["/api/hypr/"]
```

> **Step 4:** Deploying HYPR login Page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 4:** Deploying HYPR login page
```

> - Copy `hyprlogin.jsp` in the downloaded artifacts.

Reviewer: numbering for procedures

Author: Resolves via [3ef7a2c](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-outbound-auth-hypr/pull/2/commits/3ef7a2caa1aafeb0302cc6662760cbe471bd299d).

- Navigate to `<IS_HOME>/repository/deployment/server/webapps` → `authenticationendpoint`.
- Paste or drop the `JSP` file in the `authenticationendpoint` directory.

> ### _The WSO2 Console’s UI for HYPR authenticator section as follows_

Reviewer: Is this heading correct?
Is it meant to be something like `The WSO2 Console's UI for the HYPR authenticator`

Also, let's add an intro line before the image.

Author: Resolves via [3ef7a2c](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-outbound-auth-hypr/pull/2/commits/3ef7a2caa1aafeb0302cc6662760cbe471bd299d).

![Configuring HYPR in WSO2 Console](images/wso2Console.png)

#### Base URL
This refers to the Base URL  you received from the HYPR upon creating a tenant for your organization.
Example :
```
https://<organization name>.hypr.com
```

#### Relying Party App ID
This refers to the App ID you received for the application you created in the HYPR Control Center.
Example :
```
<Application ID of the HYPR App>
```

> Follow the following steps to extract the App ID From the HYPR Control Center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the steps given below to extract the App ID From the HYPR Control Center.
```

> - Navigate to the HYPR Control Central via the link provided to you from HYPR and log in using your HYPR credentials.

Reviewer: these should be numbers not bullet as it is a sequence.

Author: Resolves via [3ef7a2c](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-outbound-auth-hypr/pull/2/commits/3ef7a2caa1aafeb0302cc6662760cbe471bd299d).

- Select your app from the `Choose an App` drop-down list. Next you are navigated to the Dashboard of the application. 
- Finally, click the App Settings in the top right corner. Note down the App ID.

#### API Token

> This refers to an API token newly generated specifically for the HYPR App via the control center.

Reviewer: let's stick to `Control Center` or `control center` consistently.

Author: Resolves via [3ef7a2c](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-outbound-auth-hypr/pull/2/commits/3ef7a2caa1aafeb0302cc6662760cbe471bd299d).

Example :
```
<Generated API Token for the HYPR App>
```

> Follow the following steps to generate a new API token From the HYPR Control Center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the steps given below to generate a new API token from the HYPR Control Center.
```

> - Navigate to the HYPR Control Central via the link provided to you from HYPR and log in using your HYPR credentials.

Reviewer: numbering not bullets

Author: Resolves via [3ef7a2c](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-outbound-auth-hypr/pull/2/commits/3ef7a2caa1aafeb0302cc6662760cbe471bd299d).

- Select your app from the `Choose an App` drop-down list. Next you are navigated to the Dashboard of the application.

> - Under `Advanced Config` click Access Token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Under **Advanced Config**, click **Access Token**.
```

> - Then click on `Generate Token`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Finally, add a new name to your API token,  select API Access Token from selective options provided and click on `Create Token`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Finally, add a new name to your API token,  select **API Access Token** from the available list, and click **Create Token**.
```

> ### _The HYPR authenticator's flow as follows_

Reviewer: Let's use a different title for the heading.
And use a leading sentence before the image.
Any reason to use a different formatting for these headings?

Author: No specific reason for the different formatting. Will change it.

Author: Resolves via [3ef7a2c](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-outbound-auth-hypr/pull/2/commits/3ef7a2caa1aafeb0302cc6662760cbe471bd299d).

Author: `And use a leading sentence before the image.` -> Resolves via [de6c3f2](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-outbound-auth-hypr/pull/2/commits/de6c3f2ffe86e37ea70f323db0bdb540482ec1d8)

# Configuring the HYPR Authenticator
To use the HYPR authenticator with WSO2 Identity Server, first you need to configure  the authenticator with
WSO2 Identity Server. See the instructions given below on how to configure the HYPR authenticator with
WSO2 Identity Server using a sample app.

> To test the approach, first an end-user account should be registered in the application created via the 

Reviewer: ```
To test this approach, the user must first have an end-user account registered in the application created via the HYPR Control Center. The end user should have the HYPR mobile application installed on the smartphone, and the smartphone should be registered with the end user account.
```

Author: Resolves via [ab5e02d](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-outbound-auth-hypr/pull/2/commits/ab5e02d88c973fd971f23c3253533a26e6bbf16b)

Author: Resolves via [ab5e02d](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-outbound-auth-hypr/pull/2/commits/ab5e02d88c973fd971f23c3253533a26e6bbf16b)

HYPR Control Center and the end user should have the HYPR mobile application installed in the smartphone, as well as 
the smartphone registered with the end user account.

> After deploying the HYPR Authenticator to WSO2 IS, the Authenticator can be configured from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After deploying the HYPR authenticator on WSO2 IS, the authenticator can be configured from the
```

Author: Resolves via [ab5e02d](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-outbound-auth-hypr/pull/2/commits/ab5e02d88c973fd971f23c3253533a26e6bbf16b)

WSO2 IS Console.

## Prerequisites
To use the connector, you'll need:

- A configured HYPR environment.
- A HYPR user account and mobile app to use for testing.

Note: Get the support from HYPR to configure a HYPR Application via the HYPR Control Center.

## Setting up and installing the HYPR connector

**Step 1:** Extracting the project artifacts
1. Clone the `identity-outbound-auth-hypr` repository.
2. Build the project by running ```mvn clean install``` in the root directory.

Note : The latest project artifacts can also be downloaded from the Connector Store.

**Step 2:** Deploying the HYPR Authenticator

1. Navigate to `identity-outbound-auth-hypr/components` → `org.wso2.carbon.identity.application.authenticator.hypr` 
→ `target`.
2. Copy the `org.wso2.carbon.identity.application.authenticator.hypr-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT.jar` file.
3. Navigate to `<IS_HOME>/repository/components/dropins`.
4. Paste the `.jar` file into the dropins directory.

> 5. Alternatively it's possible to drag and drop the `.jar` file to the dropins directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Alternatively, it's possible to drag and drop the `.jar` file to the dropins directory.
```

Author: Resolves via [ab5e02d](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-outbound-auth-hypr/pull/2/commits/ab5e02d88c973fd971f23c3253533a26e6bbf16b)

> 6. Next navigate to `identity-outbound-auth-hypr/components` → 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Next, navigate to `identity-outbound-auth-hypr/components` → 
```

Author: Resolves via [ab5e02d](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-outbound-auth-hypr/pull/2/commits/ab5e02d88c973fd971f23c3253533a26e6bbf16b)

`org.wso2.carbon.identity.application.authenticator.hypr.common` → `target`.
7. Copy the `org.wso2.carbon.identity.application.authenticator.hypr.common-1.0.0-SNAPSHOT.jar` file.
8. Navigate to `<IS_HOME>/repository/components/lib` directory and paste the `.jar` file.

**Step 3:** Deploying the HYPR REST API
1. Navigate to `identity-outbound-auth-hypr/components` → `org.wso2.carbon.identity.application.authenticator.hypr.rest` 
→`org.wso2.carbon.identity.application.authenticator.hypr.rest.dispatcher`→ `target`.
2. Copy the `api#hypr.war` file.
3. Navigate to `<IS_HOME>/repository/deployment/server/webapps`.
4. Paste the `.war` file into the webapps directory.

> 5. Next navigate to `<IS_HOME>/repository/conf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Next, navigate to `<IS_HOME>/repository/conf`.
```

Author: Resolves via [ab5e02d](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-outbound-auth-hypr/pull/2/commits/ab5e02d88c973fd971f23c3253533a26e6bbf16b)

> 6. Open `deployment.toml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Open the `deployment.toml` file.
```

Author: Resolves via [ab5e02d](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-outbound-auth-hypr/pull/2/commits/ab5e02d88c973fd971f23c3253533a26e6bbf16b)

7. Add the following lines of codes.

> ```toml

Reviewer: should be formatted to render under step 7

Author: Resolves via [ab5e02d](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-outbound-auth-hypr/pull/2/commits/ab5e02d88c973fd971f23c3253533a26e6bbf16b)

[[resource.access_control]]
context = "(.*)/api/hypr/v1/authentication/status/(.*)"
secure = "false"
http_method = "GET"

[tenant_context]
enable_tenant_qualified_urls = "true"
enable_tenanted_sessions = "true"
rewrite.custom_webapps=["/api/hypr/"]
```

> **Step 4:** Deploying HYPR login page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Step 4:** Deploying the HYPR login page
```

Author: Resolves via [ab5e02d](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-outbound-auth-hypr/pull/2/commits/ab5e02d88c973fd971f23c3253533a26e6bbf16b)

1. Copy `hyprlogin.jsp` in the downloaded artifacts.
2. Navigate to `<IS_HOME>/repository/deployment/server/webapps` → `authenticationendpoint`.
3. Paste or drop the `JSP` file in the `authenticationendpoint` directory.

> ### The WSO2 Console's UI for the HYPR authenticator

Reviewer: This can easily be a level 2 heading?

Reviewer: and the sub headings under this - level 3

Author: Resolves via [ab5e02d](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-outbound-auth-hypr/pull/2/commits/ab5e02d88c973fd971f23c3253533a26e6bbf16b)

The WSO2 Console's UI for the HYPR connector enables developers to easily configure HYPR
as an identity provider for their application. The UI offers a user-friendly and intuitive
interface for defining essential HYPR credentials, such as base URL, relying party app ID,
and API token.

![Configuring HYPR in WSO2 Console](images/wso2Console.png)

#### Base URL

> This refers to the Base URL  you received from the HYPR upon creating a tenant for your organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This refers to the Base URL  you received from HYPR upon creating a tenant for your organization.
```

Author: Resolves via [ab5e02d](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-outbound-auth-hypr/pull/2/commits/ab5e02d88c973fd971f23c3253533a26e6bbf16b)

Example :
```
https://<organization name>.hypr.com
```

#### Relying Party App ID
This refers to the App ID you received for the application you created in the HYPR Control Center.
Example :
```
<Application ID of the HYPR App>
```

> Follow the steps given below to extract the App ID From the HYPR Control Center.

Author: Resolves via [ab5e02d](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-outbound-auth-hypr/pull/2/commits/ab5e02d88c973fd971f23c3253533a26e6bbf16b)

1. Navigate to the HYPR Control Central via the link provided to you from HYPR and log in using your HYPR credentials.

> 2. Select your app from the `Choose an App` drop-down list. Next you are navigated to the Dashboard of the application. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select your app from the `Choose an App` drop-down list. Next, you are navigated to the Dashboard of the application. 
```

Author: Resolves via [ab5e02d](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-outbound-auth-hypr/pull/2/commits/ab5e02d88c973fd971f23c3253533a26e6bbf16b)

> 3. Finally, click the App Settings in the top right corner. Note down the App ID.

Reviewer: Assuming `App ID` is the param name.

> 3. Finally, click the App Settings in the top right corner. Note down the App ID.

Author: Resolves via [ab5e02d](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-outbound-auth-hypr/pull/2/commits/ab5e02d88c973fd971f23c3253533a26e6bbf16b)

#### API Token

> This refers to an API token newly generated specifically for the HYPR App via the Control Center.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This refers to a new API token that is specifically generated for the HYPR App via the Control Center.
```

Author: Resolves via [ab5e02d](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-outbound-auth-hypr/pull/2/commits/ab5e02d88c973fd971f23c3253533a26e6bbf16b)

Example :
```
<Generated API Token for the HYPR App>
```
Follow the steps given below to generate a new API token from the HYPR Control Center.
1. Navigate to the HYPR Control Central via the link provided to you from HYPR and log in using your HYPR credentials.

> 2. Select your app from the `Choose an App` drop-down list. Next you are navigated to the Dashboard of the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select your app from the `Choose an App` drop-down list. Next, you are navigated to the Dashboard of the application.
```

Author: Resolves via [ab5e02d](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-outbound-auth-hypr/pull/2/commits/ab5e02d88c973fd971f23c3253533a26e6bbf16b)

3. Under **Advanced Config**, click **Access Token** > **Generate Token**.
4. Finally, add a new name to your API token,  select **API Access Token** from the available list, and click 
**Create Token**.

### The HYPR authentication flow

> The authentication flow for a user attempting to log in to a sample app, "PickUp Dispatch" using HYPR is illustrated 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The authentication flow for a user attempting to log in to a sample app (**PickUp Dispatch**) using HYPR is illustrated 
```

Author: Resolves via [ab5e02d](https://github.com/wso2-extensions/identity-outbound-auth-hypr/pull/2/commits/ab5e02d88c973fd971f23c3253533a26e6bbf16b)
